okay the concept for this video if not
the title is why have I not broken up
with Melissa my girlfriend who's sitting
before it off camera alright and the
more broad lesson the audience can take
from this or that the followers of base
Zeus can take for this is what is the
crucial characteristic you should look
for in a man or woman whoever gonna rush
with what is the crucial characteristic
that makes that makes the difference
between yes I'm gonna keep on making
this effort I'm still gonna put hours
and hours into building this
relationship versus I'm gonna break up
with you and go away you know and that
is not a decision you make just once in
a relationship it's not like oh yeah
just once we had a fight oh wait then I
had to think about whether or not I was
gonna break up me no no no no no no no
no no even in the best relationship you
can ask you something you might not say
it out loud question is gonna is gonna
come up okay here's what it is the main
redeeming quality Melissa has that none
of my other long-term relationships had
is that I never have the same fight
twice with her is that she actually
learns from and as a new and different
perspective on the issues from one
argument to the other I really genuinely
feel that Melissa learns from experience
and I mean if anyone watching this video
is over the age of 30 and is not a
lifelong celibate you will know you can
be in a relationship where you have the
same argument the same fight again and
again again before every time you do
this I tell you this thing and you
you say you're changing you ain't change
your [ __ ] okay I really think what is
the one criterion for why you should
stay together versus breaking up I think
it's got to be that it's got to be
learning from experience now can I apply
this to myself
Melissa's nodding her head off
off-camera
I mean admittedly most of the problems
there but I mean maybe you know maybe
there's somewhere dang maybe there's
some adaptation for sure for sure
behavioral adaptation on my end I've
I've changed you know the way I do
things the way I approach things and you
know I mean one of the breaking points I
think it's cool to talk about this in in
in vague and broad brushstrokes at one
point
Melissa hacked my facebook she read
private messages you mean other people
and she was doing it out of a kind of
jealous rage and she was in such a rage
at the time what she actually found in
my facebook messages was me saying the
relationship is really great the sex is
really great things are going really
well I was you know talking privately
about her best people but I was laughing
and laughing I really you know I laughed
well on for hours we were talking about
it afterwards that she admitted to me
that you hacked that I was scrolling
through these what all this stuff is so
positive about a relationship
now today I'm laughing about sure at the
time I was last more - I was pretty cool
and detached about it but for me I'm a
real honor and dignity based guy for me
it's like look you crossed the line
you you dishonored yourself you
dishonored me this is a this is a
violation of the code for me as 100%
grounds to break up with you and again
it's not that anything was revealed it's
not that I was
on earth not that anything was was was
turned out this way Annie what made it
worse was also after after she'd hacked
that she lied to me about it - it's not
like she acted and I just came clean you
know um I think I mean you know we used
the word mistake a lot in English Oh
people make mistakes slipping and
falling down on a staircase is a mistake
hacking your boyfriend's email looking
through his facebook messages you know
violating his privacy
a dishonorable act is not a mistake
I think in the in the strictest sense
the word it's evil but the thing is
having gone through that with Melissa I
actually think she learned from the
experience I actually that she changed
and I think that's true of the different
kind of disputes and arguments and
confrontations we had on a whole crazy
you know list of issues some of which
are trivial or so which might be trivial
you know to an outside observer but but
aren't but aren't trivial to me you know
so look guys I feel like I have the best
relation in the world I think it's
really loving and really trusting and
really cooperative I could say so many
good things about it and Melissa for me
today is really an intellectual partner
not just an emotional partner and not
just a mother to my child and all this
stuff over time we have more and more in
common not just veganism but you know
we're really learning Chinese together
we have all this all this common ground
there's so many good things I can say
about it but it was work it was hard
work for me it was the main project it
was the main thing I was working on for
a whole year I really put all my other
projects on hold just to build this
relationship just to build this rapport
and understanding and cooperation